COPYING

Tidal Response And Dissipation of Energy (TiRADE)

Copyright (c) 2007, 2008, 2013, 2014 University of California and James H. Roberts

This source code was is made available in order to enhance research into 
planetary geophysics. The C code and accompanying documentation were originally 
developed at the University of California, Santa Cruz by James Roberts during 
the fall of 2006 and 2007 under grant NNX07AL30G from NASA's Outer Planets 
Research program. 

0. NO WARRANTY

Although the software has undergone benchmark testing, TiRADE comes with 
absolutely no warranty; use at your own risk! In no event shall the 
author or copyright holders be held liable for any claim or damages arising
from or related to the use of this software. 

1. PERMISSIONS

The use is hereby granted a free, non-transferable, non-exclusive license to 
use the TiRADE software, its components and documentation, to modify the source
as desired for the user's personal use in non-profit research, and to publish 
based on the results obtained through use of the software. 

This software may not not be incorporated into commercial packages. 

2. ATTRIBUTION

In order to recognize the effort that went into development of the software, 
the user must cite the following paper:

	Roberts, J. H., Nimmo, F. (2008). Tidal heating and the long-term stability 
	of a subsurface ocean on Enceladus, Icarus, 194, 175-189.

in any publication arising from the use of this code. Use of this code must also
be indicated in the acknowledgments section of said publications, and in any 
related oral or poster presentations. 

3. DISTRIBUTION

The user may not further distribute the code to other potential users without 
explicit written permission of the author. Instead, please refer interested 
parties to the primary author of the code at James.Roberts@jhuapl.edu, who will 
provide the current stable version of the code and accompanying documentation. 
This will prevent "forking" of the code, and make it easier for the author to 
maintain a clean source code, to track down any bugs, to know who is using the 
code and how to contact them with updates, and to get a sense of what sorts of 
problems the code is being used for. 

